Doesn't matter who you're born to… Everyone's still a child of the sea!!

 Whitebeard.

When you decided to go to the sea, it was your own decision. Whatever happens to you on the sea, it depends on what you’ve done!

 Roronoa Zoro.

The weak don’t get to decide anything, not even how they die.

 Trafalgar D. Water Law.

Forgetting is like a wound. The wound may heal but it has already left a scar.

 Monkey D. Luffy.

People don’t fear god, fear itself is god”

 Enel.

One may stray from the path of a man, one may stray from the path of a woman, but there is no straying from the path of a human!

 Bon Kurei.

Death is never an apology.

 Brook.

The government says your existence is a crime, but no matter what kind of weapons you may hold, just being alive isn’t a sin! There’s no crime in living!

 Franky.

'Loneliness' is no longer part of my vocabulary.

 Brook.

This thing called Justice… changes its shape depending on where you stand.

 Kuzan.

People's dreams don't ever end!

 Blackbeard.

It's not some sort of special power. He has the ability to make allies of everyone he meets. And that is the most fearsome ability on the high seas.

 Dracule Mihawk.

When do you think people die? When they are shot through the heart by the bullet of a pistol?  No... It’s when… they are forgotten!

 Dr. Hiriluk.

Pirates are evil? The Marines are righteous?... Justice will prevail, you say? But of course it will! Whoever wins this war becomes justice!

 Doflamingo Donquixote.

Compared to the 'righteous' greed of the rulers, the criminals of the world seem much more honorable.

 Eustass Kid.

In that moment he accepted his fate. He saw his death, accepted it and laughed!

 Smoker.

And you... Luffy. Even though I've been good for nothing my whole life, even though I have the blood of a demon within me... You guys still loved me! Thank you so much!!

 Portgas D. Ace.

Don’t ever think there’s any perfect society made by humans! If you think that way you’ll overlook the enemy! Don’t be fooled by appearances!

 Smoker.

If I can't even protect my captain's dream, then whatever ambition I have is nothing but talk! Luffy must be the man who becomes the Pirate King!

 Roronoa Zoro.

Hero? No! We are pirates! I love heroes but I don't wanna be one!

 Monkey D. Luffy.

 When the world shoves you around, you just gotta stand up and shove back. It's not like somebody's gonna save you if you start babbling excuses.

 Roronoa Zoro

Then just become stronger. I have my ambition, you have your ambition too. Which means you should just keep walking forward towards that goal.

 Monkey D. Luffy

What do you know of death? Have you ever died? You think death will preserve your cause forever?

 Brook

I’m going to be the world’s greatest swordsman! All I have left is my destiny! My name may be infamous… but it’s gonna shake the world!

 Roronoa Zoro

No matter how hard or how impossible it is, never lose sight of your goal.

 Monkey D. Luffy

It may be hard right now… But you must silence those thoughts! Stop counting only those things that you have lost! What is gone, is gone.

 Jinbei

It’s okay to lose your way… just don’t lose sight of what you have decided.

 Roronoa Zoro

Power isn’t determined by your size, but the size of your heart and dreams.

 Monkey D. Luffy

You can spill drinks on me, even spit on me. I'll just laugh about it. But If you dare to hurt my friends... I won't forgive you!

 Shanks

Being strong isn’t just about having power or move, it about one’s spirit.

 Roronoa Zoro

I’ve set myself to become the King of Pirates… and if I die trying… then at least I tried.

 Monkey D. Luffy

Destiny... fate... dreams... These unstoppable ideals are held deep in the heart of man. As long as there are people who seek freedom in this life, these things will not vanish from the earth.

 Gol D. Roger

Only those who have suffered long, can see the light within the shadows.

 Roronoa Zoro

If you don’t take risks, you can’t create a future.

 Monkey D. Luffy

You can't get back what you've lost, what's important now is what is it that you still have.

 Jinbei

I'll die smiling! Because if you ever think of me in the future, I want you to remember me smiling.

 Donquixote Rosinante

Men who can’t wipe away the tears from a woman’s eyes aren’t real men.

 Sanji

In the last moment of his life, he turned his fading 'flame of life' into a huge fire that enveloped the world. I've never laughed more than on that day

 Gol D. Roger

There can be no happiness in a world where the undesirables are thrown away.

 Monkey D. Dragon

What keeps me alive in this world is neither bodily organs nor muscles, it’s my soul.

 Brook

Lose credibility and you won't be trusted by anyone.

 Fujitora

Living is important! It is because one lives, one can enjoy things! Everyone has their own designated place and position in life!

 Arlong

Life is like a pencil that will surely run out, but will leave the beautiful writing of life.

 Nami

Fool who don't respect the past are likely to repeat it.

 Nico Robin

Wake up princess, I'm tired of your useless ideals. It's gotten pathetic. What good are your happy ideals if you can't do anything to make them a reality? They're nothing but dreams, and your dreams don't stand a chance.

 Crocodile

There comes a time when a man has to stand and fight! That time is when his friends’ dreams are being laughed at! And I won’t let you laugh at that!

 Usopp

Sometimes the only thing you have to doubt is your own common sense.

 Nico Robin

My name is Dracule Mihawk! Find your self, true world, become stronger! No matter how long it may take, I will wait for you in my strongest form!

 Dracule Mihawk

I don’t wanna live a thousand years. If I just live through today, that’ll be enough.

 Portgas D. Ace

There's not one person in the world that you can trust for sure... Don't fall for their tricks.

so come come aboard and bring along all your hopes and dreams and together we will find everything that we're lookin for i'm always here for you if you wanna be my friend we are we are on the cruise we are
